Update README.md (#58)
nwutils/create-desktop-shortcuts: README.md

* This repo is written using `require` for imports. I would endorse anyone that wants to create a fork of this repo written in ESM that drops support for older Node versions and is written with async support (maybe promises?). Maybe call it `create-desktop-shortcuts-esm` or something.

## Running locally for development

> 1. Use a Node version manager to download Node.js and npm

Author: ```suggestion
1. Pick and install a Node version manager
```
